Add multiline example to env vars (#697)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/variables/using-environment-variables.md

You can then reference the variable in subsequent parts of your workflow by using `$env:KEY`.

### Setting a multiline environment variable

> To add a multiline environment variable, you need to use `<<` instead of an `=` to mark the end of the key in the key value pair. In addition, set a delimiter to mark the start and end of the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a multiline environment variable, you need to use `<<` instead of an `=` to mark the end of the key in the key-value pair. In addition, set a delimiter to mark the start and the end of the variable.
```
Also, add the requirements for the delimiter here.

> In the following example, the `DELIMITER` keyword can be replaced by any word of your choice, however, make sure that the delimiter in the end and start match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `DELIMITER` keyword can be replaced by any word of your choice, however, make sure that the delimiter at the beginning and at the end match.
```

echo 'JSON_RESPONSE<<DELIMITER' >> $CM_ENV
echo 'line_one\nline_two' >> $CM_ENV
echo 'DELIMITER' >> $CM_ENV
```

> Note that the example is specific to Linux and MacOS machines, but works similarly on Windows instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the example is specific to Linux and macOS machines but the same principles apply when building on Windows.
```
